Add WithClock TracerProviderOption (#2052)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- Adds HTTP support for OTLP metrics exporter. (#2022)

> - Now `TraceProvider` includes a `Clock` field as well as a `WithClock` option to control span startTime/endTime generation. This defaults to use `time` module but users can provide their own implemention. (#2043)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Now `TraceProvider` includes a `Clock` field as well as a `WithClock` option to control span startTime/endTime generation. This defaults to use the `time` package but users can provide their own implementation. (#2052)
```

Author: fixed~ Was intended for the issue numbered 2043

> - Now `TraceProvider` includes a `Clock` field as well as a `WithClock` option to control span startTime/endTime generation. This defaults to use the `time` package but users can provide their own implementation. (#2052)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- The `"go.opentelemetry.io/otel/sdk/trace".TraceProvider` can now be configured with a newly added `Clock` interface.
  This interface is called when determining the start and end times for a span.
  Additionally, a `WithClock` is also added to the package enabling users to set custom implementations of the `Clock` interface.
  The standard library `time` package is still used for this functionality by default if no option is set. (#2052)
```

### Changed

- The `SpanModels` function is now exported from the `go.opentelemetry.io/otel/exporters/zipkin` package to convert OpenTelemetry spans into Zipkin model spans. (#2027)

> - Now `TraceProvider` includes a `Clock` field as well as a `WithClock` option to control span startTime/endTime generation. This defaults to use `time` module but users can provide their own implemention. (#2043)

Reviewer 3: Maybe put this under `Added` instead of `Changed`?
